Remove unnecessary circuit metadata (#1315)
Qiskit-Extensions/qiskit-experiments: docs/tutorials/custom_experiment.rst

at the end. We make a new :class:`.AnalysisResultData` object since we're rewriting the 
counts from the original experiment.

.. note::

    As you may find here, circuit metadata is mainly used to generate a structured data
    in the analysis class for convenience of result handling.
    A metadata supplied to a particular circuit should appear in the corresponding
    experiment result data dictionary stored in the experiment data.
    If you attach large amount of metadata which is not expected to be used in the analysis,
    the metadata just unnecessarily increases the job payload memory footprint,
    and it prevents your experiment class from scaling in qubit size through
    the composite experiment tooling.
    If you still want to store some experiment setting, which is common to all circuits

>     or irrelevant to the analysis, maybe the experiment metadata is right place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    or irrelevant to the analysis, use the experiment metadata instead.
```
